Second point of how the elbow should be used
now the second point
when elbow is back
between the forearm, the second part of the arm
should, must get close to each other
like this
why?
because its close to each other
its banded
because its banded together
it can be stretched, it can be opened
so watch this
tight here
because its tight I can open it
I can generate more power from there to like this
like boxer
2 arms close each other so power can come out
from here to there
like this, like that
but because if their, boxers arm is wider like that
there is no power can be made
and slow
it should be tighter
same
in my experience
5-6 out of 10 players, club players
some juniors, they don't make this tight
they already open it
now because elbow is already opened
they cannot generate any more power
because it is already opened
watch this
tight I can stretch
I open it
I have to do like this
because they open it they hit it there
if I make tighter, I can stretch my arm in front
of my body which is right
so many players hit above their head
because they already open it
and hit like that
watch this
please focus on my elbow
ok this is right way
ok have a look
tight
because it is tight
I can stretch there, there
now wrong way
because it is already opened
I can't go in front
I have to hit like this
so much difference
if racket is inside my body
elbow tight
you have all the power, look
there
now, you can't do this way hit if you have this one
compare
right
tight
open
so, do not ready like this
make your posture inside, small compact
because it is compact you can use it in explosive way
like this
tight and then
tight and then bang stretch
already stretched nothing to stretch
here
tight
not like this